[Music]
three quick lower ab exercises for a
flat stomach who doesn't wish for flat
stomach rock-solid six-pack and tiny
waist if this sounds like you doing
exercises for your lower abs will play a
vital role in achieving that goal there
are so many exercises that work the
upper abs and obliques but the lower abs
usually get the short end of the stick
the following moves are designed to burn
belly fat and reveal fabulous toned abs
try to follow along and don't forget to
click the subscribe button and turn on
notifications to join us on the bright
side of life
[Music]
before you begin be sure to do a
five-minute warm-up to get your muscles
loose and ready to be extended to their
limit all you need for this workout is a
mat or thick towel has enough padding to
protect your spine when lying down on
the floor
[Music]
mountain climber twists 30 repetitions
when people are developing a 6-pack the
bottom two abs are usually the hardest
to improve which is why it's important
to work those lower abs specifically
this move won't just tone up your abs
and strengthen your core
it will also burn off belly fat mountain
climber twists are a variation on the
mountain climber exercise start in a
traditional plank position move your
right knee toward your left elbow and
then return your foot to the original
position move your left knee toward your
right elbow and then return it
continue switching legs and do 30
repetitions keep in mind that your
shoulders should be above your hands at
all times this twist ensures that your
lower abs are getting worked on from all
angles
[Music]
a really easy way to increase the cardio
in this move and burn off more fat is to
do the original mountain climber
exercise in the original you hold the
same plank position however instead of
twisting your core you bring your right
knee close to your right elbow and your
left knee to your left elbow since
there's no twisting involved this allows
you to essentially move your legs fast
enough that you look like you're running
in place both variations of this
exercise are highly effective at
focusing on the lower abs and burning
fat reverse crunches 30 repetitions
these crunches are effective they'll
work your lower abs and have you
sweating in no time
lie on your back on the floor preferably
without a pillow under your head place
your palms facing downward bring your
knees closer to your chest then lift
your hips toward the ceiling while
keeping your knees bent now bring your
knees back to your chest and then extend
them so that your legs are completely
straight and parallel to the floor
without touching the ground now simply
tap the floor and do the whole process
again try to do 30 repetitions you can
take a short break in the middle
[Music]
the key here is that your hips and lower
back should not touch the floor but be
in the air
[Music]
your hands will help you stay balanced
your shoulder blades not your back or
head should take the bulk of the weight
while your legs are lifted
don't let momentum bring your legs down
or take them up the movement should be
controlled and your lower abs should be
engaged at all times doing crunches like
this one where you lift your legs works
on your lower abs other types of
crunches or sit-ups where you keep your
legs flat on the floor work the middle
apps for a more advanced approach try to
extend your legs fully when they are
above your body you can also lift your
hips higher this will set your feet
almost above your head then bring your
feet back to your chest extend your legs
and just let them hover without tapping
the floor an important point to remember
is that you should always be able to see
your feet when they're above you if you
can't see them chances are you're
lifting your hips too high and placing
the weight of your entire body on your
neck and head which can lead to an
injury
[Music]
dead bug 30 repetitions don't let the
name fool you into thinking this move
isn't energetic it's called dead bug
because you look like a bug struggling
on its back start by lying down on the
floor on your back bring your legs up
and hold them at a 90 degree angle
extend both arms toward the ceiling
your hand should be directly above your
shoulders extend your right leg so it's
parallel to the floor but do not touch
the ground at the same time extend your
left arm behind your head toward the
floor but don't let it touch the ground
either return the right leg and left arm
to the original position and repeat on
the other side try to do 30 repetitions
[Music]
you'll definitely feel the burn in this
move but keep going you bring your legs
down your back will want to arch but you
need to keep it pressed against the
floor to protect it
[Music]
to make this move easier focus on your
lower body you can keep your hands
extended upward without moving them back
and forth if your legs are starting to
get really tired don't stop what you can
do is tap your feet on the floor as you
extend your legs to give them a small
break but just do this for a few
repetitions and then keep going for a
more advanced version you can pick up
the pace and add a pair of ankle weights
like dumbbells or both before you try
this modification make sure your form is
absolutely spot on and that you're
performing it correctly this move will
really get your lower abs fired up it
will also help to strengthen your deep
inner core diaphragm and pelvis the
synchronization between arm and leg
movements will also help your sense of
coordination it's important to note that
there isn't a formal distinction between
upper and lower abs when people work on
their abs they are using the rectus
abdominus which is also commonly
referred to as the 6-pack muscle this
muscle runs vertically from the end of
your sternum to your pelvis it protects
your core muscles and sits right
underneath your skin
which is why the ABS can be seen with
some hard work it's possible to do
exercises that only target the upper abs
while the lower abs don't do any work
that's why it's important to give the
lower abs some attention with exercises
specifically targeted to strengthen tone
and burn belly fat if your goal is to
get a flatter belly it will take
workouts that involve lower and upper a
blows and regular 30-minute exercise
sessions at the least in addition to
exercise
a healthy diet will go a long way toward
burning off fat on your belly and
revealing the wonderful six-pack that
hides underneath so tell us bright
ciders how often will you do these
exercises let us know in the comment
section don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side
[Music]